c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\HomeScreen.g.i.cs
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\HomeScreen.g.cs
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.cs
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\PivotPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\PivotPage.g.cs
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xaml
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\PivotPage.xaml
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\PivotPage.xbf
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\HomeScreen.xaml
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\HomeScreen.xbf
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\bin\Debug\HomeScreen.xbf
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\bin\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\bin\Debug\PivotPage.xbf
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\bin\Debug\JAMB TEST.xr.xml
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\bin\Debug\JAMB TEST.exe
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\bin\Debug\JAMB TEST.pdb
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\bin\Debug\JAMB TEST.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\JAMB TEST.exe
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\JAMB TEST.pdb
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\oluwadamilare ib\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\About.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\About.g.cs
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\Information.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\Information.g.cs
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\ResultPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\ResultPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\UserRegistration.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\UserRegistration.g.cs
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\Year.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\Year.g.cs
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\About.xaml
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\Information.xaml
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\ResultPage.xaml
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\UserRegistration.xaml
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\Year.xaml
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\About.xbf
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\Information.xbf
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\ResultPage.xbf
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\UserRegistration.xbf
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\obj\Debug\Year.xbf
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\bin\Debug\About.xbf
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\bin\Debug\Information.xbf
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\bin\Debug\ResultPage.xbf
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\bin\Debug\UserRegistration.xbf
C:\Users\Oluwadamilare Ib\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\JAMB TEST\JAMB TEST\bin\Debug\Year.xbf
